[Autogenerated] Okay, Welcome.
Now, in this clip, we're going to start looking at encryption for s three.
So by default, this bucket is not encrypted,
and I'll actually show you how to enable that here in a minute.
But for now, let's look at manually enabling encryption on an object.
So what I'm gonna do here,
select this object and you can see over here on the right that
encryption is set to none within the properties.
So I actually want to encrypt this.
So I'm gonna select this.
Which brings us to our properties menu for our object here.
And I'm gonna select encryption and you can see we have two
different options outside of doing none,
we can do A s to 56 which is Amazon s three service side encryption.
So if I select that,
that's gonna use a W s version ing of encryption for our data,
or I can specify kms,
so I can essentially select a key from my account to
use for encrypting these objects.
So for this clip,
I'm just gonna go and choose the default of the S three service side
encryption and click on Save here in our object is encrypted using a es 2 56
So if I go back here and I select this object again,
you can see that our encryption has now changed to that update of value.
So now, at rest, this object here is encrypted using that protocol.
Well, that's great.
But how do we do it at a default level?
We don't wanna have to go through retroactively and update all of our
encryption for files that may not be encrypted.
Well, that's pretty easy.
We can go up here to properties and you can see there's actually a
default encryption section here that's offered.
So I'm gonna click on this and we get the same options as before
when we were looking at that specific object.
Now, on this one, let me go and choose Kms,
and I'm gonna choose the default key, which is a W S s three.
So this is a kms key created by AWS for the S three service.
Now,
another nifty little feature here that you can incorporate is a bucket policy.
So they actually give you a warning that bucket policies are
applied before encryption settings are, and they show here that hey,
if you have encryption enabled by default,
but you have put requests being denied.
If they're not encrypted with the original upload,
then that's gonna fall in the place first.
The objects not gonna be uploaded because that
bucket policy gets executed first.
Now,
another cool thing here is you can actually go ahead and
require that objects be encrypted as well if you don't
have default encryption enabled.
But we don't have to worry about that because we're
enabling default encryption here.
Now I'm gonna click on Save.
So now if I upload another object to this bucket here and let me
go toe overview and let me upload a new file.
There we go.
So I just uploaded a new file with the default settings
here and let's go and take a look.
I didn't specify explicitly the kms or encryption standards,
so let me select this file and you're going to see that hate by
default now are encryption has taken place.
It's using AWS Kms to encrypt this file or object upon upload.
So even though I didn't specify it, I just used the default settings.
It's automatically applied because we have this enabled at the bucket level now.
One quick caveat.
Whenever you're using a W s K.
M s for any of your encryption standards within your buckets,
you need to realize each time it's encrypted and decrypted,
you're going to get billed for that particular kms ap I action,
whether it be encrypt or decrypt.
So just keep that in mind.
And with that, we're gonna go and wrap this clip up,
and we're gonna move on to the next one where we're going to start working with life cycle rules within Amazon s three.